gh-96819: check if the length of a pipe write is not greater than 512 (#96890)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-09-17-13-15-10.gh-issue-96819.6RfqM7.rst

> Fixed the block to guarantee that the length of a write to a pipe is not greater than PIPE_BUF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the check that guarantees that the length of a write to a pipe is not greater than PIPE_BUF
```

Author: Thank you for correcting my English! Your suggestion seems to be great.

Reviewer: No worries! I struggle with writing good and short changelog entries myself many times! 😄

> Fixed the check that guarantees that the length of a write to a pipe is not greater than PIPE_BUF

Reviewer 2: Mention `multiprocessing.resource_tracker` in news.

> Fixed the check in :mod:`multiprocessing.resource_tracker` that guarantees that the length of a write to a pipe is not greater than PIPE_BUF

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed check in :mod:`multiprocessing.resource_tracker` that guarantees that the length of a write to a pipe is not greater than ``PIPE_BUF``.
```
